- Edited August 1, 1997

лллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллл
л      About Fig Incorporated                                                л
л                                                                            л   
л      FIG Inc. is a small QBasic programmers group.  We are about 13 people л
л as of August '97, but we plan to increase in size.  We want all of the     л
л BASIC programmers who wish to join FIG Inc. to please send a sample of any л
л QBasic work that you have made, along with a description of your Basic     л           
л programming experience, and which types of games you like to play and      л   
л program, to PANTERA55@aol.com.  Please note that I will not reject any     л
л programmers who apply for joining FIG Inc.  For those of you who are even  л
л just a bit interested in joining FIG Inc., please e-mail me at PANTERA55   л
л and ask for more information.  There is no fee, and you get a lot of free  л
л programming tips, devices, the FIG logo, and more!  You also get free use  л
л of the FIG Web Page.  Yes, you get your own page!  You can make it on your л
л own if you have a free web page (or use a free webpage at GeoCities), or   л
л you can use mine.  The address is http://members.aol.com/PANTERA55.  I     л
л update the Web Page every month.  I suggest that you use my web page, but  л
л if you want, you can use your own, and I can put a link to it.  I'm not    л
л finished yet.  Let me tell you other things that you get:                  л   
л         Free Fig Items (Character Creators, 3D scrolling drivers, etc.)    л   
л         The use of the new FIG logo with permission to change the palettes л
л         The Web Page (as mentioned)                                        л   
л         Our NEW FIG Inc. bulletin board!                                   л   
л         Programming tips any time (e-mail PANTERA55@aol.com)               л   
л         more!!!                                                            л   
л      Are you wondering why I would want so many members of FIG?  Are you   л
л also wondering why I'd give away all of my programming tips?  Well, if you л
л really want to know, the reason is because I'm nuts.  Besides, I think     л   
л that it's cool to have a Basic group of programmers.  So, even if you are  л
л the least bit interested, e-mail me for some more info, and for a FREE     л
л letter driver (the one used in HELLPIT III), courtesy of FIG.              л   
л      Remember, e-mail address is PANTERA55@aol.com, and the Web Site is:   л    
л              http://members.aol.com/PANTERA55                              л   
лллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллл

- Here is a list of games to come SOON:
	
	ELYSIAN FIELDS
	DRAHKENS I
	HELL TIME ON EARTH

- Let me expand on ELYSIAN FIELDS.  I guarantee that it will be, by far, the
  absolute best QBasic RPG EVER!  At least five times better than any HELLPIT,
  and better than any other QBasic RPG!  It will be similar to FINAL FANTASY
  and BREATH OF FIRE.  The demo will probably be done in September of '97.

- Games already done by FIG:
	Hellpit I, II, III and Trilogy
	Fantasy Power Zone (Sabin24601)
	Birth of the Devil
       Rise v1.0
       Dungeon Master Demo and v1.0
       '97 Hockey Shootout
       High Speed Racer Bad Demo
	Birth of the Devil II

     Indicates that these titles are non accessible through AOL software
      libraries, but you can get them by e-mailing me at PANTERA55@aol.com
      and asking me for any/all of them.

- That's it.  Remember, joining FIG is SO beneficial!

					- Anthony Figliuzzi

