Hey, whats up! This is KB 49ers speaking!
Thanks for downloading PICROSS!
Always be on the lookout for my games to show up on AOL.
If the author is KB 49ers, then you know you will be downloading a quality game.

Picross can seem complicated at first, but when you understand the rules,
this game can be the most addictive game you have ever played. Trust me,
I love this game!

---Object of the game
   The object of picross is to locate all the rainbow blocks on the grid.
   The numbers on the sides of the grid are the key to solving the puzzle.
   The numbers show how many consecutive rainbow blocks there are in that row.
   Have I lost you yet?
   This is the most confusing part.
   Lets give an example, say the side of the row says "2 1 1 2"
   That means that somewhere in the row, there are 2 consecutive rainbow blocks,
    an unknown amount of blank spaces,  then 1 rainbow block, an unknown amount of blank
    spaces, then again 1 rainbow block, more unknown spaces, and 2 consecutive rainbow blocks.

    Lets say that - equals a blank space
        and X equals a rainbow block

        "2 1 1 2" could mean  -XX-X-X-XX-
        OR "2 1 1 2" could mean XX--X-X-XX
      
   Now you are probably asking yourself, "Well, which one does it mean?"
   That you are going to have to figure out yourself.
   Don't worry, though, because if you get stuck, you can reveal two rows by
      pressing the "H" button------(WARNING: that takes 1 minute out of your
        time.....yes, you do have a time limit!)

   Cycle a block by pressing the ENTER button.
     It changes from blank box -> no rainbow box -> rainbow box
     All you do is change the blocks that you think are rainbow to a "rainbow box"
       and all the blocks that you know are not rainbow to "no rainbow box"

   Need to take a break from the game? No problem, just hit SPACE to pause.

   Think you have solved the puzzle?  Hit ESC to find out.  Watch out, though,
     because if you have made a mistake, you will be punished 30 seconds of time

   That is basically all you need to know to play Picross.  I'm sure that you
   will find the game to be revolutionary, fun and addictive! Check out the
   previews that I have included with Picross, the games shown are way better
   than Picross.

   Also, Email me.   Only then can you get vital info on my upcoming games.  You
   can also get games from me that are not going to be put online.  Cmon,
   dont be shy!  You fellow programmers can also exchange programming tips
   with me.

   Email me at : KB 49ers


